# FlipaclipPc

To create a new project, you have to tap on the plus button.You can give a name to your project such as My First Animation. After this, you can choose a background for your animation.You will see a lot of pre-installed backgrounds on your screen.Now, you can also choose the canvas size. You will see different options for canvas size. We will recommend you to choose YouTube (1080p). It will give a higher resolution to your animation. Now, you can select the frames per second.	Finally, you have to click on create a project. After clicking on create a project, you will see all tools on the screen. You can use your two fingers to zoom in and zoom out on the screen. You can also rotate the animation as per your requirement. Four Arrows: For zoom in back, you can use the four arrows that appear on the top right side of the screen.Pen Tool: Your default tool is a pen. You can start drawing with a pen. Backward & Forward Buttons: You will also see the forward and backward buttons on the top of the screen for redo and undo. You can tap on the tool and select from pencil, paintbrush, or highlighter. Size of Brush: After this, you will see the next option for the size of your brush. You can press and see the little size option, you can drag it up to increase the size of your brush. To reduce the size option, you can drag it down. Color Option: You will also see a square option that you can press to select the color. You can see different types of color palettes such as sketch, basic, retro animation, and much more. You can choose any of them.	Color Palette: Once you have selected the color palette, you will see some colors appear on the right side of the screen. 

Visit-https://flipaclippcd.web.app/
